Add how-to-profile-memory page (#305)
apache/kvrocks-website: docs/how-to-profile-memory.md

# How to profile memory

> To make the memory profiling easier, Kvrocks provides the command `KPROFILE` to active/deactive and dump the memory profiling data. But it's only supported when building with the Jemalloc memory allocator(built by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make the memory profiling easier, Kvrocks provides the command `KPROFILE` to active/deactive and dump the memory profiling data. Note that it is only available while Jemalloc is enabled in the building phase.
```

## Prerequisites

Before profiling, you need to run Kvrocks server with the following environment variable set:

```bash
export MALLOC_CONF="prof:true,background_thread:true"
./kvrocks -c kvrocks.conf
```

or

```bash
MALLOC_CONF="prof:true,background_thread:true" ./kvrocks -c kvrocks.conf
```

Docker users don't need to set this environment variable, as the Dockerfile already sets it.

## Use KPROFILE command

Once Kvrocks is running with the above environment variable set, you can use the `KPROFILE` command to control the profiling:

```bash
# Enable memory profiling
$ redis-cli> KPROFILE MEMORY ENABLE

# Dump memory profiling data to a file in the specified directory,

> # the profiling filename will be starting with `jeprof-` prefix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# the profiling filename will be prefixed with `jeprof-`
```
